docs: Rename registration.entity to registration.entity_id (#985)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/node/run-your-node/keymanager-node/README.md

worker:
  registration:

>     # In order for the node to register itself, the entity ID of the entity
>     # must be avaliable to the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # In order for the node to register itself, the entity ID must be set.
```

>     entity_id: {{ node_entity_id }}

Reviewer: Maybe call the variable just `{{ entity_id }}`?

    # Alternatively the entity.json of the entity used to provision the node
    # must be available on the node:

>     # entity: /node/entity/entity.json

Reviewer: I would skip this alternative as we should move away from supporting it in the future.

* `{{ seed_node_address }}`: The seed node address in the form `ID@IP:port`.
  * You can find the current Oasis Seed Node address in the Network Parameters page ([Mainnet], [Testnet]).
* `{{ keymanager_runtime_orc_path }}`: Path to the key manager [ParaTime bundle](../paratime-node.mdx#the-paratime-bundle) of the form `/node/runtimes/foo-paratime.orc`.
* `{{ node_entity_id }}`: The node's entity ID from the `entity.json` file.

>   * You can find the current Oasis-supported key manager ParaTime in the Network Parameters page ([Mainnet], [Testnet]).

Reviewer 2: Switch the lines.

```suggestion
* `{{ entity_id }}`: The node's entity ID from the `entity.json` file.
* `{{ keymanager_runtime_orc_path }}`: Path to the key manager [ParaTime bundle](../paratime-node.mdx#the-paratime-bundle) of the form `/node/runtimes/foo-paratime.orc`.
  * You can find the current Oasis-supported key manager ParaTime in the Network Parameters page ([Mainnet], [Testnet]).
```

Author: Why? `keymanager_runtime_orc_path` is above `entity_id` in the code

Reviewer 2: The `You can find the current Oasis-supported key manager ParaTime...`  subbullet refers to the `keymanager_runtime_orc_path` setting.
